Clarify ECK support scope for ingress controllers (#908)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/recipes.md

Compared to other configuration examples that are consistently tested, like [fleet-managed Elastic Agent on ECK](configuration-examples-fleet.md), [standalone Elastic Agent on ECK](configuration-examples-standalone.md), or [Beats on ECK](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/configuration-examples-beats.md), the recipes in this section are not regularly tested by our automation system, and therefore should not be considered to be production-ready.
::::

> :::{note}
> **Support Scope for Ingress Controllers**
> 
> Ingress is a standard Kubernetes concept. While ECK-managed workloads can be publicly exposed via ingresses and we provide example ingress configuration recipes, setting up an Ingress controller requires in-house Kubernetes expertise. If configuring ingress presents challenges, we recommend using a standard Load Balancer (LB) as an alternative solution.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{admonition} Support scope for Ingress Controllers
[Ingress](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) is a standard Kubernetes concept. While ECK-managed workloads can be publicly exposed using ingress resources, and we provide example configurations, setting up an Ingress controller requires in-house Kubernetes expertise. If ingress configuration is challenging or unsupported in your environment, consider using standard `LoadBalancer` services as a simpler alternative.
:::
```
